Only upgrade jupyterhub in user env when upgrading tljh (#890)
jupyterhub/the-littlest-jupyterhub: tljh/requirements-user-env.txt

# When tljh.installer runs, the users' environment as typically found in
# /opt/tljh/user, is installed or upgraded with these packages.
#

> # Whats listed here should be only the uncoditional requirements that we have on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Whats listed here should be only the unconditional requirements that we have in
```
